Look at that view. A sleek frame, beautiful curves, a rocking body and soft cushions.

Absolutely beautiful.

Any man would love to be on top of that.

Nope, not the lady. Think again.

I’m talking about what you’re on top of regularly.

The most innovative invention by man since the dawn of time.

That’s right, a chair. A necessity created by humans for humans and animals alike to rest their aching rumps after getting over life’s humps. Derived from cutting edge science by altering a stool or bench into a stool or bench with a strong back frame and occasionally with burly arm rests.

Before the invention of chairs, humans sat on stools, benches, chests and tables like savages and barbarians. Even kings and lords sat on mere stools and suffered from the back problems that plagued the peasants. No one was safe. Gradually, the noblemen got sick of their aching backs and demanded the invention of a seat that not only supported their aching rumps but also their backs. Numerous inventions were created in an attempt to meet the demands of the nobles. Longer stools, benches, shorter tables and also stools that were really just last night’s potato stew and mush. None of them helped with the aching backs of the nobles. Soon enough, someone came up with an ingenious idea.

A stool.

Not just any stool; a stool with a back. A simple design, yet so beautifully elegant. So supportive, almost similar to parents. The only difference being that parents only sometimes support your hopes and dreams, chairs are always there to support your back –  which you need to achieve and fulfil your hopes and dreams. In a sense, chairs are more supportive of your hopes and dreams than your parents ever will be.

The word of this invention spread like wildfire throughout the lands, even as far as Japan and China where emperors and shoguns sat on the floor, hurting not only their backs, but their royal crappers. Wherever the chair went, it became a symbol of absolute power. Only the greatest of men only sat on chairs.

Pharaohs sat on their chairs while watching their slaves break their backs and snap their necks building the pyramids.

American landowners sat on lawn chairs, sipping cans of Dr Pepper while watching their slaves get darker as they picked cotton from the fields.

Ronald McDonald sat on his chair with his arm around an innocent patron while watching college and university graduates flip burger patties and hand over soft serves to screaming and wailing little kids – who wanted a Happy Meal not because they were hungry because they wanted the overpriced toy.

Colonel Sanders sat on his comfy cushioned chair (because he was old and needs the butt and back support) while watching people fall prey to obesity, due to his sweet, delicious, and succulent hens.

Eventually, the public revolted against the noblemen. Peasants could no longer afford to straighten their backs using steel rods. They wanted chairs. The nobles became angry with the peasants and would not take it sitting down on their comfy chairs any longer. The nobles attempted to cull the peasants that were causing an uprising. The culling had no effect. Not only were the peasants hardier, they bred like rabbits too. Eventually, the peasants were given equal opportunities to sit on chairs.

Thanks to the peasants of old, now everyone can sit on chairs. You do not have to be the creator of the main cause of obesity in America. You do not have to be a slave owner. You do not have to create a fried chicken recipe so complex and delicious that it costs more than a barrel of oil. You do not have to be a human of a superior pedigree to sit on a chair. In this technologically advanced era, a den of gamblers could lose all their money and strip down to their undergarments, while sitting on really crappy plastic chairs. You could be a liar, murderer and thief and you could still own a chair. Even politicians can have chairs. Today, there is a chair for every butt cheek.

Not only have the standards for owning a chair been compromised, what is considered a chair has also changed over the eras. Before, only stools with backs were considered chairs. In this modern era, many different types of chairs have been invented to serve different purposes:

Couches, for the single men living in their parents’ basements who drink Mountain Dew, blended with Doritos.

Boring standard chairs made of plastic and wood for those trapped in an enclosed area, forced to sit and listen for eight hours a day.

Chairs with wheels for the working people who don’t listen to their bosses and browse the internet when their bosses aren’t around.

A porcelain chair fitted with running water for those who have irregular bowel movements and/or have had too much Indian or Mexican food the previous night.

A chair for every purpose and every individual.

Most humans in these modern times do not recognise the importance of chairs. Everyone sits on one. But no one ever stops to look or appreciate the surface that supports the mass of their asses. No one ever realises how perfectly designed and created the chair is. No one looks at the surface that caresses their bottoms ever so gently while not leaving bruises..

Every chair that doesn’t leave a mark on your butt leaves a mark in your heart.